well I ought either internet people is
Bo again we've got some a little
lighthearted tonight because the United
States may have just had its own let
them eat cake moment now before the
history buffs tear me apart in the
comments section I will go ahead and say
Marie Antoinette probably never said
that and if she did it was incredibly
sarcastic that term had been around for
a really long time
it wasn't even let them eat cake it was
let them eat can't remember something
else some other dessert that was
typically reserved for the wealthy but
that story it sticks with us right
because it's a universal story
illustrates how our governments are just
so out of touch with the plight of the
average person you know the story the
the advisor comes in the peasants are
revolting they don't have any bread well
let them eat cake because they just
don't get it because they're out of
touch we may have had our own little
moment like that I haven't seen anybody
really latch onto it yet but it's been
cracking me up ever since I heard about
it you know the difference between the
European aristocracy and the American
aristocracy is that at least the
European aristocracy knew they were born
well they got lucky you know maybe it's
a holdover from divine right and the
nobility and all of that but they
understand that their position is due to
their family in the United States every
millionaire and billionaire out there
wants us to believe that they're
self-made you know most of them aren't
they all want us to believe that they
hit that homerun themselves even though
they were born on third base
and us mere peasants in the United
States we're noticing this and we're
noticing how these wealthy families act
and that's why words like Oleg are key
kleptocracy plutocracy these things
they're being used on cable news now
they're entering the mainstream words
been around a long time but now they're
being talked about openly because we're
waking up to how our betters behave
while this is going on Wow the working
class in the United States is kind of
waking up to this fact Donald Trump jr.
has challenged hunter Biden to a debate
to see whose daddy has helped them the
mom I'm not joking at half oh I I guess
jr. was a little bad about the idea that
he only has what he has because of his
dad and so he he even offered the person
interviewing to be the moderator for it
it's incredibly tone-deaf with all of
all of this going on in the US that's
that's the challenge I really think it
should happen personally I would love to
see members of the American political
political elite get on national
television and have an argument that
amounts to well my daddy can beat up
your daddy
the sad part about it is historically
once the the ruling classes have
realized that they can't hide it anymore
they just become more flagrant with it
now I think this debate should happen
it'll be hilarious I can't wait for it
it's never going to happen but it would
be cool if it did that challenge pretty
much confirmed everything that drives
those terms into the mainstream you know
and I there's no reason for a debate
about it I could settle that right now
neither one of them would be where they
are if it was not for their parents or
grandparents and there's nothing
inherently wrong with that
everybody wants a better life for their
kids than they had there is nothing
inherently wrong with that it only
becomes wrong if they're you know
ripping off the taxpayers to make it
happen if they're engaging in corruption
that's when it would be wrong and we all
have to ask ourselves as we watch the
political elites who have relatively
modest salaries for the amount of wealth
they have when they leave office if we
believe that they are not ripping us off
if we believe they aren't engaging in
corruption or is the subconscious
realization that it is happening one of
the reasons those terms are coming into
the mainstream anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night